chore(release): prepare for v2.7.1 (#3243)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/release-notes/changelog.rst

2.x Changelog
=============

.. changelog:: 2.7.1
    :date: 2024-03-22

    .. change:: add default encoders for `Enums` and `EnumMeta`
        :type: bugfix
        :pr: 3193

>         This addresses an issue when serializing `Enums` that was reported in discord.

Author: ```suggestion
        This addresses an issue when serializing ``Enums`` that was reported in discord.
```

>     .. change:: replace TestClient.__enter__ return type with Self

Reviewer: should we use double backticks here? I see some more single backticks, ignore these if I am wrong

        :type: bugfix
        :pr: 3194

        ``TestClient.__enter__`` and ``AsyncTestClient.__enter__`` return ``self``.
        If you inherit ``TestClient``, its ``__enter__`` method should return derived class's instance

>         unless override the method. So I think :class:`~typing_extensions.Self` could be more flexible return type.

Reviewer: > So I think

should this part be removed / reworded?

>         unless override the method. So I think :class:`~typing_extensions.Self` could be more flexible return type.

Author: ```suggestion
        unless override the method. :class:`~typing_extensions.Self`is a more flexible return type.
```

    .. change:: use the full path for fetching openapi.json
        :type: bugfix
        :pr: 3196
        :issue: 3047

        This specifies the ``spec-url`` and ``apiDescriptionUrl`` of Rapidoc, and Stoplight Elements as absolute
        paths relative to the root of the site.

        This ensures that both of the send the request for the JSON of the OpenAPI schema to the right endpoint.

>     .. change:: JSON schema `examples` were OpenAPI formatted

Reviewer: same

>     .. change:: JSON schema `examples` were OpenAPI formatted

Author: ```suggestion
    .. change:: JSON schema ``examples`` were OpenAPI formatted
```

        as deprecated in the latest specs.

        This can be tested over at https://editor-next.swagger.io by loading up the
        OpenAPI 3.1 Pet store example. Then add ``examples`` in ``components.schemas.Pet``
        using the both ways and see the Swagger UI only render the example once it's
        properly formatted (it ignores is otherwise).

    .. change:: queue_listener handler for Python >= 3.12
        :type: bugfix
        :pr: 3185
        :issue: 2954

        - Fix the ``queue_listener`` handler for Python 3.12

        Python 3.12 introduced a new way to configure ``QueueHandler`` and ``QueueListener`` via
        :meth:`~logging.config.dictConfig()`. As described in the
        `logging documentation <https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.config.html#configuring-queuehandler-and-queuelistener>`_.

        The listener still needs to be started & stopped, as previously.
        To do so, we've introduced ``LoggingQueueListener``.

        And as stated in the doc:
        * Any custom queue handler and listener classes will need to be defined with the same initialization signatures

>         as `QueueHandler <https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.handlers.html#logging.handlers.QueueHandler>`_ and

Reviewer: same

Author: Not sure what you mean on this last one

Reviewer: I think I made a mistake, no backticks for sphinx stuff?
```
`~logging.config.dictConfig()`
```
?

Author: only one when using roles or links like this if thats wym?
